my name is Philip Philip Benoit I work
for exotic yeah chatter Bali we run the
mutia allowed which is a PVC based
schooner the special features of the
boat is that it's actually a schooner
and it actually sails or many PVC style
boats out here that have ornamental
sails that's there but we can actually
have a good cruise on the boat she's 46
metres long six staterooms and one
owner's suite which can carry a maximum
of about fourteen people they're all
double cabins
diving air nitrox we have stand-up
paddleboards with a wakeboard we have
water skis we have deep sea fishing
trolling so we can keep our customers
entertained let's put it that way yes
there's two distinct seasons really in
Indonesia one would be what I call Bali
Komodo which runs from about that say
April to September that's when we cruise
back and forth maybe a little bit allure
or Sumba mamaia day it all depends on
where the customer wants to go and how
long they have really we can do anything
with maybe maybe they're interested in
diving maybe they're interested in
cultural activities or bird-watching we
make itineraries according to their
interests in and what they would like to
you